GearDriver.cs
-------------

Simple Gear Driver Script by Alexander Schlottau, Hamburg, Germany


Add this script to a Procedural Gear to drive it.
It works only with the gears created by the asset "Procedural Gear" from the Unity Asset Store.

You also can add this script to a cylinder (or any other GameObject) to use it as a shaft.


Setup and align the gears you need for your transmission or gearbox to the correct positions you want.

[is Motor]

Then select one of the gears as the motor. 
This will be the object drives all other gears/shafts.


[Motor speed]

If "is Motor" checked, you can see the "Motor speed" property.
Here you set the speed of the motor. Negativ values mean, you drive in the other direction.


[is Shaft]

If you have created shafts and added the GearDriver script to it, check the "is Shaft" checkbox to activate the object as a shaft.
Don´t worry, if you forget this the script will automaticly do check this checkbox on start. The script recognize that there is
no "Gear" script attached to it, so it decide to mark it as a shaft.


[Live Update Powerchain]

On the motor (the gear you marked as "is Motor") you can select "Live Update Powerchain".
If checked, every change to the gears will affect the transmission in real time.
For example: Changing the speed of the motor will change the speed in real time on all gears.
Changing the teeth count on one of the gears "Gear" scripts will also changing the speed(s) in real time.


[Update Powerchain Once]

This Button is used if "Live Update Powerchain" is deactivated.
You can set a new motor speed or change gears and if you are ready to go, with "Update Powerchain Once" you set your changes.
This is the standard way you should go, because it doesn´t need to update all values every frame.


[Outputs connected]

This is the list, where you add the connection to other gears or shafts.
You only set where your power is going to. Not where the power comes from.
So the last gears in a "chain" should have zero objects in the list.
And the motor allways have at least one gear/shaft in this list.






Thank you for downloading and using my tool.

  Alexander Schlottau


